{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf823
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 HoeflerText-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9900\viewh14480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Index of Extras\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx1440\tx1800\tx2880\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f2\b \cf0 GrowlAction\

\f1\b0 \
An Automator action that lets you send Growl notifications.\
\
	Libraries:	check for yourself\
	Author:	a mysterious figure\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx1440\tx1800\tx2880\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f2\b \cf0 GrowlDict\

\f1\b0 \
An application that provides a service to get the dict.org definition for the selected text. Uses NSDistributedNotificationCenter.\
\
	Libraries:	Cocoa, GrowlAppBridge\
	Author:	don smith\
\

\f2\b GrowlImporter
\f1\b0 \
\
A Spotlight metadata importer for Growl tickets.\
\
	Libraries:	Probably CoreFoundation\
	Author:	someone quite silly\

\f2\b \
GrowlMail\

\f1\b0 \
A Mail bundle that displays a notification whenever a new email arrives. Uses NSDistributedNotificationCenter.\
\
	Libraries:	Cocoa, GrowlAppBridge\
	Author:	Adam Iser\
\

\f2\b GrowlWidget
\f1\b0 \
\
A silly Dashboard widget that  displays the last Growl notification. Uses NSDistributedNotificationCenter.\
\
	Libraries:	I'm guessing Cocoa and WebKit\
	Author:	again, someone quite silly\
\

\f2\b growlctl\

\f1\b0 \
Command-line tool to control Growl, kinda like a command-line alternative to Growl.prefpane. Think Growl meets apachectl.\
\
	Libraries:	not a clue\
	Author:	don't ask me\
\

\f2\b growlnotify\

\f1\b0 \
Command-line tool to display an arbitrary Growl notification. Could be useful for shell scripts. Uses NSDistributedNotificationCenter.\
\
	Libraries:	Foundation (Cocoa), AppKit (Cocoa)\
	Authors:	Mac-arena the Bored Zo, Kevin Ballard (Eridius)\
\

\f2\b growlpinger\

\f1\b0 Command-line tool to determine if Growl is running. Useful for shell scripts that are run during login and want to wait until Growl is ready before attempting to send a notification.\
\
	Libraries:	Foundation (Cocoa), AppKit (Cocoa)\
	Author:	Andrew Wellington (proton)\
	License:	BSD\
\

\f2\b GrowlSafari
\f1\b0 \
\
A SIMBL plugin that adds Growl notifications to Safari. The notifications trigger when a download is complete, for a download decompression phase or a downloaded disk image mount phase.\
\
	Libraries:	Cocoa\
	Author:	Kevin Ballard (Eridius)
\f2\b \

\f1\b0 \

\f2\b GrowlTunes\

\f1\b0 \
Polls iTunes with an AppleScript, posting notifications when the current track changes or when you start playback from a dead stop. Uses NSDistributedNotificationCenter.\
\
	Libraries:	Cocoa, GrowlAppBridge\
	Author:	Nelson Elhage (Hanji)\

\f2\b \
MacYac\

\f1\b0 \
A client for the Yac Caller-Id application. Yac is available from http://sunflowerhead.com/software/yac/\
\
	Libraries:	libc, Foundation (Cocoa)\
	Author:	Andrew Wellington (proton)\
	License:	BSD
\f2\b \
}