{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;\f1\fmodern\fcharset77 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 How does registration work?\
\

\fs28 Why is the Applications tab empty?\
\

\fs22 You have just downloaded and installed Growl. You have opened up system preferences, clicked on the Applications tab, and it is empty?! What in the world?\
\
That is the reaction we get from a lot of people new to Growl. Growl is what we like to refer to as a tool for other applications. Now, we don't want to include a list of all of the possible applications in the default installation, because you probably will not be using them all. We also don't know if you would want to even use the applications we have made as examples. So with the default installation of Growl, the applications tab is meant to be empty.\
\
Have no fear. Soon it should fill up with whatever Growl enabled applications that you may have. When a Growl enabled application tries to talk to Growl, it does something called 
\f1 Registration
\f0 . What this means is, if the application is not registered with Growl, it will go ahead and register automatically. This is true for scripts as well, anything from Applescript to Tcl will register.\
\
For the most part, all you will have to do is just launch the application. There are some exceptions. Some applications use filters or rules or whatever was chosen to allow their users control over the whole process within their application as well. If the application you want to use with Growl does not show up in the Applications tab after launching it, look in preferences. If you still don't see it, you can email us at discuss AT growl.info and we can look into the problem.\
\

\fs28 So what now?\
\

\fs22 Once the application has a registration in the Applications tab, you can control it. You can control all Growl based notifications through this one central location. You can also choose how each notification will appear. One notification can use the Bubbles display, another can use the Music Video display, and a third can use the Bezel display. You can also choose which applications will stay on the screen until clicked, and which ones will not.}