.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "NE_BUFFER_APPEND" "3" "23 January 2007" "neon 0.26.3" "neon API reference"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
ne_buffer_append, ne_buffer_zappend, ne_buffer_concat \- append data to a string buffer
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fB#include <ne_string.h>\fR
.HP 22
\fBvoid\ \fBne_buffer_append\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_buffer\ *\fR\fB\fIbuf\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ *\fR\fB\fIstring\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBsize_t\ \fR\fB\fIlen\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 23
\fBvoid\ \fBne_buffer_zappend\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_buffer\ *\fR\fB\fIbuf\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ *\fR\fB\fIstring\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 22
\fBvoid\ \fBne_buffer_concat\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_buffer\ *\fR\fB\fIbuf\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ *\fR\fB\fIstr\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fB...\fR\fB);\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
The
\fBne_buffer_append\fR
and
\fBne_buffer_zappend\fR
functions append a string to the end of a buffer; extending the buffer as necessary. The
\fIlen\fR
passed to
\fBne_buffer_append\fR
specifies the length of the string to append; there must be no
NUL
terminator in the first
\fIlen\fR
bytes of the string.
\fBne_buffer_zappend\fR
must be passed a
NUL\-terminated string.
.PP
The
\fBne_buffer_concat\fR
function takes a variable\-length argument list following
\fIstr\fR; each argument must be a
\fBchar *\fR
pointer to a
NUL\-terminated string. A
NULL
pointer must be given as the last argument to mark the end of the list. The strings (including
\fIstr\fR) are appended to the buffer in the order given. None of the strings passed to
\fBne_buffer_concat\fR
are modified.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
The following code will output "Hello, world. And goodbye.".
.sp
.nf
ne_buffer *buf = ne_buffer_create();
ne_buffer_zappend(buf, "Hello");
ne_buffer_concat(buf, ", world. ", "And ", "goodbye.", NULL);
puts(buf\->data);
ne_buffer_destroy(buf);
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
ne_buffer,
ne_buffer_create,
ne_buffer_destroy
