.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "NE_GET_RESPONSE_HEAD" "3" "23 January 2007" "neon 0.26.3" "neon API reference"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
ne_get_response_header, ne_response_header_iterate \- functions to access response headers
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fB#include <ne_request.h>\fR
.HP 35
\fBconst\ char\ *\fBne_get_response_header\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_request\ *\fR\fB\fIrequest\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ *\fR\fB\fIname\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 33
\fBvoid\ *\fBne_response_header_iterate\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_request\ *\fR\fB\fIrequest\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBvoid\ *\fR\fB\fIcursor\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ **\fR\fB\fIname\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ **\fR\fB\fIvalue\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
To retrieve the value of a response header field, the
\fBne_get_response_header\fR
function can be used, and is given the name of the header to return.
.PP
To iterate over all the response headers returned, the
\fBne_response_header_iterate\fR
function can be used. This function takes a
\fIcursor\fR
parameter which should be
NULL
to retrieve the first header. The function stores the name and value of the next header header in the
\fIname\fR
and
\fIvalue\fR
parameters, and returns a new cursor pointer which can be passed to
\fBne_response_header_iterate\fR
to retrieve the next header.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP
\fBne_get_response_header\fR
returns a string, or
NULL
if no header with that name was given. If used during request processing, the return value pointer is valid only until the next call to
\fBne_begin_request\fR, or else, until the request object is destroyed.
.PP
Likewise, the cursor, names, and values returned by
\fBne_response_header_iterate\fR
are only valid until the next call to
\fBne_begin_request\fR
or until the request object is destroyed.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
The following code will output the value of the
Last\-Modified
header for a resource:
.sp
.nf
ne_request *req = ne_request_create(sess, "GET", "/foo.txt");
if (ne_request_dispatch(req) == NE_OK) {
    const char *mtime = ne_get_response_header(req, "Last\-Modified");
    if (mtime) {
        printf("/foo.txt has last\-modified value %s\\n", mtime);
    }
}
ne_request_destroy(req);
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
ne_request_create,
ne_request_destroy.
