.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "NE_REQUEST_CREATE" "3" "23 January 2007" "neon 0.26.3" "neon API reference"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
ne_request_create, ne_request_dispatch, ne_request_destroy \- low\-level HTTP request handling
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fB#include <ne_request.h>\fR
.HP 30
\fBne_request\ *\fBne_request_create\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_session\ *\fR\fB\fIsession\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ *\fR\fB\fImethod\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ *\fR\fB\fIpath\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 24
\fBint\ \fBne_request_dispatch\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_request\ *\fR\fB\fIreq\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 24
\fBvoid\ \fBne_request_destroy\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_request\ *\fR\fB\fIreq\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
An HTTP request, represented by the
\fBne_request\fR
type, specifies that some operation is to be performed on some resource. The
\fBne_request_create\fR
function creates a request object, specifying the operation in the
\fImethod\fR
parameter. The location of the resource is determined by the server in use for the session given by the
\fIsess\fR
parameter, combined with the
\fIpath\fR
parameter.
.PP
The
\fIpath\fR
string used must conform to the
abs_path
definition given in RFC2396, with an optional "?query" part, and must be URI\-escaped by the caller (for instance, using
\fBne_path_escape\fR). If the string comes from an untrusted source, failure to perform URI\-escaping results in a security vulnerability.
.PP
To dispatch a request, and process the response, the
\fBne_request_dispatch\fR
function can be used. An alternative is to use the (more complex, but more flexible) combination of the
\fBne_begin_request\fR,
\fBne_end_request\fR, and
\fBne_read_response_block\fR
functions; see
\fBne_begin_request\fR.
.PP
To add extra headers in the request, the functions
ne_add_request_header
and
ne_print_request_header
can be used. To include a message body with the request, one of the functions
\fBne_set_request_body_buffer\fR,
ne_set_request_body_fd, or
\fBne_set_request_body_provider\fR
can be used.
.PP
The return value of
\fBne_request_dispatch\fR
indicates merely whether the request was sent and the response read successfully. To discover the result of the operation,
ne_get_status, along with any processing of the response headers and message body.
.PP
A request can only be dispatched once: calling
\fBne_request_dispatch\fR
more than once on a single
\fBne_request\fR
object produces undefined behaviour. Once all processing associated with the request object is complete, use the
\fBne_request_destroy\fR
function to destroy the resources associated with it. Any subsequent use of the request object produces undefined behaviour.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP
The
\fBne_request_create\fR
function returns a pointer to a request object (and never
NULL).
.PP
The
\fBne_request_dispatch\fR
function returns zero if the request was dispatched successfully, and a non\-zero error code otherwise.
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP
\fBNE_ERROR\fR
Request failed (see session error string)
.TP
\fBNE_LOOKUP\fR
The DNS lookup for the server (or proxy server) failed.
.TP
\fBNE_AUTH\fR
Authentication failed on the server.
.TP
\fBNE_PROXYAUTH\fR
Authentication failed on the proxy server.
.TP
\fBNE_CONNECT\fR
A connection to the server could not be established.
.TP
\fBNE_TIMEOUT\fR
A timeout occurred while waiting for the server to respond.
.SH "EXAMPLE"
.PP
An example of applying a
MKCOL
operation to the resource at the location
http://www.example.com/foo/bar/:
.sp
.nf
ne_session *sess = ne_session_create("http", "www.example.com", 80);
ne_request *req = ne_request_create(sess, "MKCOL", "/foo/bar/");
if (ne_request_dispatch(req)) {
   printf("Request failed: %s\\n", ne_get_error(sess));
}
ne_request_destroy(req);
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
ne_get_error,
ne_set_error,
ne_get_status,
ne_add_request_header,
ne_set_request_body_buffer.
