.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "NE_SET_REQUEST_BODY_" "3" "23 January 2007" "neon 0.26.3" "neon API reference"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
ne_set_request_body_buffer, ne_set_request_body_fd, ne_set_request_body_fd64 \- include a message body with a request
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fB#include <ne_request.h>\fR
.HP 32
\fBvoid\ \fBne_set_request_body_buffer\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_request\ *\fR\fB\fIreq\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ *\fR\fB\fIbuf\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBsize_t\ \fR\fB\fIcount\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 27
\fBint\ \fBne_set_request_body_fd\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_request\ *\fR\fB\fIreq\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBint\ \fR\fB\fIfd\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBoff_t\ \fR\fB\fIbegin\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBoff_t\ \fR\fB\fIlength\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 29
\fBint\ \fBne_set_request_body_fd64\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_request\ *\fR\fB\fIreq\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBint\ \fR\fB\fIfd\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBoff64_t\ \fR\fB\fIbegin\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBoff64_t\ \fR\fB\fIlength\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
The
\fBne_set_request_body_buffer\fR
function specifies that a message body should be included with the body, which is stored in the
\fIcount\fR
bytes buffer
\fIbuf\fR.
.PP
The
\fBne_set_request_body_fd\fR
function can be used to include a message body with a request which is read from a file descriptor. The body is read from the file descriptor
\fIfd\fR, which must be a associated with a seekable file (not a pipe, socket, or FIFO).
\fIcount\fR
bytes are read, beginning at offset
\fIbegin\fR
(hence, passing
\fIbegin\fR
as zero means the body is read from the beginning of the file).
.PP
If the
NE_LFS
macro is defined, then the
\fBne_set_request_body_fd64\fR
function is also available, to provide large file support. This function can be used on 32\-bit platforms supporting the LFS standard; the
\fIoffset\fR
and
\fIlength\fR
parameters can then be passed as 64\-bit values. When using large files,
\fIfd\fR
must be opened using
\fBopen64\fR
or by passing the
O_LARGEFILE
flag to
\fBopen\fR.
.PP
For all the above functions, the source of the request body must survive until the request has been dispatched; neither the memory buffer passed to
\fBne_set_request_body_buffer\fR
nor the file descriptor passed to
\fBne_set_request_body_fd\fR
or
\fBne_set_request_body_fd64\fR
are copied internally.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
ne_request_create
