.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "NE_SET_USERAGENT" "3" "23 January 2007" "neon 0.26.3" "neon API reference"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
ne_set_useragent, ne_set_persist, ne_set_read_timeout, ne_get_scheme, ne_get_server_hostport \- common properties for HTTP sessions
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fB#include <ne_session.h>\fR
.HP 22
\fBvoid\ \fBne_set_useragent\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_session\ *\fR\fB\fIsession\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ *\fR\fB\fIproduct\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 20
\fBvoid\ \fBne_set_persist\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_session\ *\fR\fB\fIsession\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBint\ \fR\fB\fIflag\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 25
\fBvoid\ \fBne_set_read_timeout\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_session\ *\fR\fB\fIsession\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBint\ \fR\fB\fItimeout\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 26
\fBconst\ char\ *\fBne_get_scheme\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_sesssion\ *\fR\fB\fIsession\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 35
\fBconst\ char\ *\fBne_get_server_hostport\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_sesssion\ *\fR\fB\fIsession\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
The
User\-Agent
request header is used to identify the software which generated the request for statistical or debugging purposes. neon does not send a
User\-Agent
header unless a call is made to the
\fBne_set_useragent\fR.
\fBne_set_useragent\fR
must be passed a product string conforming to RFC2616's product token grammar; of the form
"Product/Version".
.PP
By default neon will use a persistent connection whenever possible. For specific applications, or for debugging purposes, it is sometimes useful to disable persistent connections. The
\fBne_set_persist\fR
function will disable persistent connections if passed a
\fIflag\fR
parameter of
0, and will enable them otherwise.
.PP
When neon reads from a socket, by default the read operation will time out after 60 seconds, and the request will fail giving an
\fBNE_TIMEOUT\fR
error. To configure this timeout interval, call
\fBne_set_read_timeout\fR
giving the desired number of seconds as the
\fItimeout\fR
parameter.
.PP
The scheme used to initially create the session will be returned by
\fBne_get_scheme\fR.
.PP
The hostport pair with which the session is associated will be returned by the
\fBne_get_server_hostport\fR; for example
www.example.com:8080. Note that the
:port
will be omitted if the default port for the scheme is used.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
Set a user\-agent string:
.sp
.nf
ne_session *sess = ne_session_create(...);
ne_set_useragent(sess, "MyApplication/2.1");
.fi
.PP
Disable use of persistent connections:
.sp
.nf
ne_session *sess = ne_session_create(...);
ne_set_persist(sess, 0);
.fi
.PP
Set a 30 second read timeout:
.sp
.nf
ne_session *sess = ne_session_create(...);
ne_set_read_timeout(sess, 30);
.fi
