.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "NE_SET_SERVER_AUTH" "3" "23 January 2007" "neon 0.26.3" "neon API reference"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
ne_set_server_auth, ne_set_proxy_auth, ne_forget_auth \- register authentication callbacks
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fB#include <ne_auth.h>\fR
.HP 29
\fBtypedef\ int\ (*\fBne_auth_creds\fR)\fR\fB(\fR\fBvoid\ *\fR\fB\fIuserdata\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBconst\ char\ *\fR\fB\fIrealm\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBint\ \fR\fB\fIattempt\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBchar\ *\fR\fB\fIusername\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBchar\ *\fR\fB\fIpassword\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 24
\fBvoid\ \fBne_set_server_auth\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_session\ *\fR\fB\fIsession\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBne_auth_creds\ \fR\fB\fIcallback\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBvoid\ *\fR\fB\fIuserdata\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 23
\fBvoid\ \fBne_set_proxy_auth\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_session\ *\fR\fB\fIsession\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBne_auth_creds\ \fR\fB\fIcallback\fR\fR\fB, \fR\fBvoid\ *\fR\fB\fIuserdata\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.HP 20
\fBvoid\ \fBne_forget_auth\fR\fR\fB(\fR\fBne_session\ *\fR\fB\fIsession\fR\fR\fB);\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
The
\fBne_auth_creds\fR
function type defines a callback which is invoked when a server or proxy server requires user authentication for a particular request. The
\fIrealm\fR
string is supplied by the server.The
\fIattempt\fR
is a counter giving the number of times the request has been retried with different authentication credentials. The first time the callback is invoked for a particular request,
\fIattempt\fR
will be zero.
.PP
To retry the request using new authentication credentials, the callback should return zero, and the
\fIusername\fR
and
\fIpassword\fR
buffers must contain
NUL\-terminated strings. The
NE_ABUFSIZ
constant gives the size of these buffers.
.sp
.it 1 an-trap
.nr an-no-space-flag 1
.nr an-break-flag 1
.br
\fBTip\fR
.PP
If you only wish to allow the user one attempt to enter credentials, use the value of the
\fIattempt\fR
parameter as the return value of the callback.
.PP
To abort the request, the callback should return a non\-zero value; in which case the contents of the
\fIusername\fR
and
\fIpassword\fR
buffers are ignored.
.PP
The
\fBne_forget_auth\fR
function can be used to discard the cached authentication credentials.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.sp
.nf
/* Function which prompts for a line of user input: */
extern char *prompt_for(const char *prompt);

static int
my_auth(void *userdata, const char *realm, int attempts,
        char *username, char *password)
{
   strncpy(username, prompt_for("Username: "), NE_ABUFSIZ);
   strncpy(password, prompt_for("Password: "), NE_ABUFSIZ);
   return attempts;
}

int main(...)
{
   ne_session *sess = ne_session_create(...);

   ne_set_server_auth(sess, my_auth, NULL);

   /* ... */
}
.fi
