.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "NEON\-CONFIG" "1" "23 January 2007" "neon 0.26.3" "neon API reference"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
neon\-config \- script providing information about installed copy of neon library
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 12
\fBneon\-config\fR [\fB\-\-prefix\fR] [[\fB\-\-cflags\fR] [\fB\-\-libs\fR] [\fB\-\-la\-file\fR] [\fB\-\-support\fR\ \fIfeature\fR] [\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR]]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
The
\fBneon\-config\fR
script provides information about an installed copy of the neon library. The
\fB\-\-cflags\fR
and
\fB\-\-libs\fR
options instruct how to compile and link an application against the library; the
\fB\-\-version\fR
and
\fB\-\-support\fR
options can help determine whether the library meets the applications requirements.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-\-cflags\fR
Print the flags which should be passed to the C compiler when compiling object files, when the object files use neon header files.
.TP
\fB\-\-libs\fR
Print the flags which should be passed to the linker when linking an application which uses the neon library
.TP
\fB\-\-la\-file\fR
Print the location of the libtool library script,
\fIlibneon.la\fR, which can be used to link against neon by applications using libtool.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Print the version of the library
.TP
\fB\-\-prefix\fR \fIdir\fR
If
\fIdir\fR
is given; relocate output of
\fB\-\-cflags\fR
and
\fB\-\-libs\fR
as if neon was installed in given prefix directory. Otherwise, print the installation prefix of the library.
.TP
\fB\-\-support\fR \fIfeature\fR
The script exits with success if
\fIfeature\fR
is supported by the library.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Print help message; includes list of known features and whether they are supported or not.
.SH "EXAMPLE"
.PP
Below is a Makefile fragment which could be used to build an application against an installed neon library, when the
\fBneon\-config\fR
script can be found in
\fB$PATH\fR.
.sp
.nf
CFLAGS = `neon\-config \-\-cflags`
LIBS = `neon\-config \-\-libs`
OBJECTS = myapp.o
TARGET = myapp

$(TARGET): $(OBJECTS)
	$(CC) $(LDFLAGS) \-o $(TARGET) $(OBJECTS) $(LIBS)

myapp.o: myapp.c
	$(CC) $(CFLAGS) \-c myapp.c \-o myapp.o
.fi
